[docs] Add hack for fix lens Cluster and Nodes metrics showing (#1797)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/300-prometheus/docs/FAQ.md

{% endofftopic %}

After the resources deployment, Prometheus metrics will be available at address `lens-proxy/prometheus-lens-proxy:8080`.

> Lens Prometheus type - `Prometheubb Operator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lens Prometheus type — `Prometheubb Operator`.
```

> Due to some internal limitation of the Deckhouse platform, metrics on the Cluster and Nodes tabs will not be displayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from the version `???`, Lens requires `pod` and `namespace` labels to be present on node-exporter metrics. Otherwise, node resource consumption will not appear on Lens charts.
```

Author: i've fixed it
